README.md, before:

# 💻 LeetCode Practice

This repository contains my **LeetCode problem solutions**, organized by difficulty.  
Each solution includes **code, approach explanation, and complexity analysis**.

---

## 📁 Folder Structure

LeetCode-Practice/
├── Easy/
├── Medium/
├── Hard/
├── .gitignore
└── README.md

---

## ✅ Solved Problems

### 🟢 Easy

| Problem | LeetCode Link | Solution |
|---------|---------------|----------|
| Two Sum | https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/ | ✅ |
| Longest Common Prefix | https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/ | ✅ |
| Valid Parentheses | https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/ | ✅ |
| Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations | https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/description/ | ✅ |
| Climbing Stairs | https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/description/ | ✅ |
| Calculate Money in Leetcode Bank | https://leetcode.com/problems/calculate-money-in-leetcode-bank/description/ | ✅ |
| Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock | https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/ | ✅ |
| Guess Number Higher or Lower | https://leetcode.com/problems/guess-number-higher-or-lower/description/ | ✅ |
| The Two Sneaky Numbers of Digitville | https://leetcode.com/problems/the-two-sneaky-numbers-of-digitville/description/ | ✅ |
| Greatest Common Divisor of Strings | https://leetcode.com/problems/greatest-common-divisor-of-strings/description/ | ✅ |
| Smallest Number With All Set Bits | https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-with-all-set-bits/description/ | ✅ |
| Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies | https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/description/ | ✅ |
| Roman to Integer | https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/description/ | ✅ |
| Count Operations to Obtain Zero | https://leetcode.com/problems/count-operations-to-obtain-zero/description/ | ✅ |
| Reverse String | https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/description/ | ✅ |
| Backspace String Compare | https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare/description/ | ✅ |
| New Problem | [Link]() | ❌ |

### 🟡 Medium

| Problem | LeetCode Link | Solution |
|---------|---------------|----------|
| 3 Sum | https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/description/ | ✅ |
| Container With Most Water | https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/description/ | ✅ |
| 4 Sum | https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/description/ | ✅ |
| Find K Closest Elements | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-closest-elements/description/ | ✅ |
| Letter Combinations of a Phone Number | https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/description/ | ✅ |
| Permutations | https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/description/ | ✅ |
| Search in Rotated Sorted Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/description/ | ✅ |
| Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/description/ | ✅ |
| Rotate Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/description/ | ✅ |
| Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II | https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/description/ | ✅ |
| Generate Parentheses | https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/description/ | ✅ |
| Sort Vowels in a String | https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-vowels-in-a-string/description/ | ✅ |
| String to Integer (atoi) | https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/description/ | ✅ |
| Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid | https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-add-to-make-parentheses-valid/description/ | ✅ |
| New Problem | [Link]() | ❌ |

### 🔴 Hard

| Problem | LeetCode Link | Solution |
|---------|---------------|----------|
| Trapping Rain Water | https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/description/ | ✅ |
| Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array II | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/description/ | ✅ |
| Minimum Window Substring | https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/description/ | ✅ |
| New Problem | [Link]() | ❌ |

Commit message:

Added Maximum Number of Operations to Move Ones to the End (Medium) and updated README

README.md, after:

# 💻 LeetCode Practice

This repository contains my **LeetCode problem solutions**, organized by difficulty.  
Each solution includes **code, approach explanation, and complexity analysis**.

---

## 📁 Folder Structure

LeetCode-Practice/
├── Easy/
├── Medium/
├── Hard/
├── .gitignore
└── README.md

---

## ✅ Solved Problems

### 🟢 Easy

| Problem | LeetCode Link | Solution |
|---------|---------------|----------|
| Two Sum | https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/ | ✅ |
| Longest Common Prefix | https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/ | ✅ |
| Valid Parentheses | https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/ | ✅ |
| Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations | https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/description/ | ✅ |
| Climbing Stairs | https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/description/ | ✅ |
| Calculate Money in Leetcode Bank | https://leetcode.com/problems/calculate-money-in-leetcode-bank/description/ | ✅ |
| Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock | https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/ | ✅ |
| Guess Number Higher or Lower | https://leetcode.com/problems/guess-number-higher-or-lower/description/ | ✅ |
| The Two Sneaky Numbers of Digitville | https://leetcode.com/problems/the-two-sneaky-numbers-of-digitville/description/ | ✅ |
| Greatest Common Divisor of Strings | https://leetcode.com/problems/greatest-common-divisor-of-strings/description/ | ✅ |
| Smallest Number With All Set Bits | https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-with-all-set-bits/description/ | ✅ |
| Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies | https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/description/ | ✅ |
| Roman to Integer | https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/description/ | ✅ |
| Count Operations to Obtain Zero | https://leetcode.com/problems/count-operations-to-obtain-zero/description/ | ✅ |
| Reverse String | https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/description/ | ✅ |
| Backspace String Compare | https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare/description/ | ✅ |
| New Problem | [Link]() | ❌ |

### 🟡 Medium

| Problem | LeetCode Link | Solution |
|---------|---------------|----------|
| 3 Sum | https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/description/ | ✅ |
| Container With Most Water | https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/description/ | ✅ |
| 4 Sum | https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/description/ | ✅ |
| Find K Closest Elements | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-closest-elements/description/ | ✅ |
| Letter Combinations of a Phone Number | https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/description/ | ✅ |
| Permutations | https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations/description/ | ✅ |
| Search in Rotated Sorted Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/description/ | ✅ |
| Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/description/ | ✅ |
| Rotate Array | https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/description/ | ✅ |
| Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II | https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/description/ | ✅ |
| Generate Parentheses | https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/description/ | ✅ |
| Sort Vowels in a String | https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-vowels-in-a-string/description/ | ✅ |
| String to Integer (atoi) | https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/description/ | ✅ |
| Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid | https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-add-to-make-parentheses-valid/description/ | ✅ |
| Maximum Number of Operations to Move Ones to the End | https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-operations-to-move-ones-to-the-end/description/ | ✅ |
| New Problem | [Link]() | ❌ |

### 🔴 Hard

| Problem | LeetCode Link | Solution |
|---------|---------------|----------|
| Trapping Rain Water | https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/description/ | ✅ |
| Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array II | https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/description/ | ✅ |
| Minimum Window Substring | https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/description/ | ✅ |
| New Problem | [Link]() | ❌ |
